[Doc] add history details (#130)
YunoHost-Apps/borg_ynh: README.md

```
You will need the passphrase to run ``borg`` commands on the backup repository created on the host Server B.

### History Depth and Pruning

> The default setup of this app is to have a **one-year history**, with decreasing frequency of backups kept (for each app and each setup's part) : 2 in the last hours, 7 in the last days, 8 in the last weeks and 12 in the last months (so 12 in total). All backup older than 1 year are deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default setup of this app is to have a **one-year history**, with decreasing frequency of backups kept (for each app and each setup's part): 2 in the last hours, 7 in the last days, 8 in the last weeks and 12 in the last months (so 12 in total). All backup older than 1 year are deleted.
```

It relies on the [pruning behaviour of borg](https://borgbackup.readthedocs.io/en/stable/usage/prune.html) : `--keep-hourly 2 --keep-daily=7 --keep-weekly=8 --keep-monthly=12` implemented [here](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/borg_ynh/blob/testing/conf/backup_method#L55).
You may change this behaviour only via the CLI, by modifiyng the file in`/etc/yunohost/apps/borg(__x)/conf/backup_method`, although it will not persist between upgrades.

If your backup server is full, the app will fail and will **not** add new backup while deleting the old ones.

## Check regularly your backup

> If you want to be sure that you can restore your server, you should try to restore archives regularly. But this process takes a long time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to be sure that you can restore your server, you should try to restore archives regularly. But this process takes a long time.
```

> If you want to be sure to be able to restore your server, you should try to restore regularly the archives. But this process is quite time consuming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to be sure that you can restore your server, you should try to restore archives regularly. But this process takes a long time
```

You should at least:

>  * Keep your apps up to date (if apps are too old, they could be difficult to restore on a more recent version on yunohost)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Keep your apps up to date (if the apps are too old, they might be difficult to restore to a newer version on YunoHost)
```

>  * Check regularly the presence of `info.json` and `db.sql` or `dump.sql` in your apps' archives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Regularly check the presence of `info.json` and `db.sql` or `dump.sql` in the archives of your applications
```
